MM-31575 ENV var license override (#4204)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

.. warning::
   Database connection strings for the database read and search replicas need to be formatted using `URL encoding <https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_urlencode.asp>`__. Incorrectly formatted strings may cause some characters to terminate the string early, resulting in issues when the connection string is parsed.
   
Override Mattermost License File
--------------------------------

> Starting from Mattermost v5.26, you can specify a license override using an environment variable to override any license in the database or file configuration without replacing those licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Mattermost v5.26, you can use an environment variable to override any license in the database or file configuration without replacing those licenses.
```

When starting the server, specify the license key as ``MM_LICENSE`` with the contents of a license file.

.. note::
   If ``MM_LICENSE`` is set to a non-empty string, but the license specified is not valid, the Mattermost server will be started without a license.
   

>    In a high-availability environment, using an environment variable to override a server license only affect the individual app server and doesn't propagate to other servers in the cluster.

Reviewer 2: Minor typo...   'a server license only affect<ins>**s**</ins> the ...'

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

>    In a high-availability environment, using an environment variable to override a server license only affects the individual app server and doesn't propagate to other servers in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In a High Availability deployment, using an environment variable to override a server license only affects the individual app server and doesn't propagate to other servers in the cluster.
```
